Added info about withdrawn_from, withdrawal labels (#390)
santiment/academy: src/docs/labels/withdrawal/index.md

---

## Description

> A withdrawal address is and address that belongs to a user and used by a user in order to withdraw funds from a third-party, e.g CEX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A withdrawal address is an address that belongs to a user and is used by a user in order to withdraw funds from a third-party (e.g CEX, DEX).
```

> The address is considered as a withdrawal address if it received funds from CEX (withdraw).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The address is considered as a withdrawal address if it has received funds from a CEX (withdraw).
```
Is this only CEX? What about DEX?

> Most common case is a centralized exchange withdrawal. See the details on the picture below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common case is a centralized exchange (CEX) withdrawal. See the details in the image below.
```
